Module 3: Configure Azure AD Resources

Exam AZ-104: Microsoft Azure Administrator - Learn | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/az-104

Exam AZ-104: Microsoft Azure Administrator - Learn | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/az-104

Microsoft Graph documentation | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/

Overview of Microsoft Graph - Microsoft Graph | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview

Bulk update Azure AD with user attributes from CSV - Microsoft Tech Community
https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/windows-powershell/bulk-update-azure-ad-with-user-attributes-from-csv/m-p/1374479

Bulk Update with Company Name in Azure AD - Microsoft Tech Community
https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-active-directory-identity/bulk-update-with-company-name-in-azure-ad/m-p/1561135

Azure Active Directory - Bulk updating user profile attributes using PowerShell â€” EricPhan.net
http://ericphan.net/blog/2017/9/26/azure-active-directory-bulk-updating-user-profile-attributes-using-powershell

Pluralsight - PowerShell Getting Started
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/powershell-getting-started

Manning | Learn Windows PowerShell in a Month of Lunches, Third Edition
https://www.manning.com/books/learn-windows-powershell-in-a-month-of-lunches-third-edition

Manning | Learn PowerShell in a Month of Lunches
https://www.manning.com/books/learn-powershell-in-a-month-of-lunches?query=learn%20powershell%20month%20of%20lunches

AzureAD Module | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azuread/?view=azureadps-2.0

Azure AD Connect sync: Understand and customize synchronization | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sync-whatis

What is Azure AD Connect cloud provisioning. | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/what-is-cloud-provisioning

Enable Azure Active Directory self-service password reset | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/tutorial-enable-sspr

What is Conditional Access in Azure Active Directory? | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/overview

Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication overview | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/concept-mfa-howitworks

Subscriptions, licenses, accounts, and tenants for Microsoft's cloud offerings - Microsoft 365 Enterprise | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/enterprise/subscriptions-licenses-accounts-and-tenants-for-microsoft-cloud-offerings?view=o365-worldwide

Locate & use apps on the My Apps portal - Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/user-help/my-apps-portal-end-user-access

Locate & use apps on the My Apps portal - Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/user-help/my-apps-portal-end-user-access

Add an existing Azure subscription to your tenant - Azure AD | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-subscriptions-associated-directory

Switch to another Azure Active Directory - Azure DevOps Services | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/change-azure-ad-connection?view=azure-devops